Expand data for star collector game (#76)
UCL/AstroBalance: docs/star-collector.md

- `endTime`: the game end time in format HH:MM:ss (local time - see startTime description)
- `gameCompleted`: whether this game was completed. If they exited early, this will be false.
- `timeLimitSeconds`: the time limit set for this game in seconds
- `gameDurationSeconds`: how long the game was played (rounded to the nearest second). If the game was played through to completion this will be equal to timeLimitSeconds; if they exited early, it will be less.
- `nStarsCollected`: the number of stars collected during the game
- `percentStarsCollected`: the percent of all stars collected during the game, rounded to 2 decimal places.
- `adaptiveLevel`: an integer (1 or above) representing the current difficulty level. Every time the game time limit is increased, this level increases by one.
- `finalStarFallSpeed`: Speed of falling stars (unity units per second) at the end of the game.
- `headVelocityDegPerSecMean`: Mean head yaw velocity (left-right rotation) measured in degrees per second. Rounded to 2 decimal places. Periods of time when the player is out of range of the tracker are excluded.

> - `headVelocityDegPerSecPeak`: Peak head yaw velocity (left-right rotation) measured in degrees per second. Rounded to 2 decimal places. Periods of time when the player is out of range of the tracker are excluded.

Reviewer: We need to make sure we're clear with David on what's being reported here. I think strictly speaking this is the "peak mean head yaw speed" where average head head yaw speed is measured over a configurable time interval - 0.5 s by default. (`private float samplingIntervalSeconds = 0.5f`;) I think the Tobii frame rate is around 30 Hz, so we could sensibly get the sample time down to around 0.17s whilst keeping 5 samples. For absolute peak head yaw speed we'd need to implement something else in the buffer.

- `date`: the date of the game session in format YYYY-MM-DD
- `startTime`: the game start time in format HH:MM:ss. This is the local time (e.g. if your computer is set to UK time - this is UK time).
- `endTime`: the game end time in format HH:MM:ss (local time - see startTime description)
- `gameCompleted`: whether this game was completed. If they exited early, this will be false.
- `timeLimitSeconds`: the time limit set for this game in seconds
- `gameDurationSeconds`: how long the game was played (rounded to the nearest second). If the game was played through to completion this will be equal to timeLimitSeconds; if they exited early, it will be less.
- `nStarsCollected`: the number of stars collected during the game
- `percentStarsCollected`: the percent of all stars collected during the game, rounded to 2 decimal places.
- `adaptiveLevel`: an integer (1 or above) representing the current difficulty level. Every time the game time limit is increased, this level increases by one.
- `finalStarFallSpeed`: Speed of falling stars (unity units per second) at the end of the game.

> **Note**: all head speed measures below are calculated as follows. Every `samplingIntervalSeconds` (a configurable parameter in `StarCollectorManager`), all head yaw angle readings from that time period are summed together and divided by the total difference in time to give a speed in degrees per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: all head speed measures below are calculated as follows. Every `samplingIntervalSeconds` (a configurable parameter in `StarCollectorManager`), the absolute differences of head yaw angle between consecutive readings in the time period are summed together and divided by the total difference in time to give a speed in degrees per second.
```
